# October 29, 2019

## PGP Check-in meeting
- Canada will come
  - Will get translations
  - Nick needs to get his stuff changed to dictionary values
- Going to try and just use Courier to deploy
  - Umbraco form will need to be duplicated

## JMS Campaign Landing meeting
- Completely custom page
  - with a form

## HLF Work, Product is in place for more dev.

## HLF Helping H make a new spotlight module. 

## Playing with HLF Segment module. Doesn't look quite right. Not sure if its a design inconsistency or I'm using the wrong module. 

## JMS Recipe Pages
- Recipe Landing
  - filter app dev
  - nav dev
- or just individual for now
  - under operator support
  - connected to products by tags
  - added manually on brands pages

## HLF, figured out the correct modules for products and channel pages. Need PDFs.

## JMS Digital touchbase
- need to check on new images
- 

## SBX Winter preliminary review
- All bottom centered text will need to be baked into the image.
- I can't remember, did we develop a dark gray ghost button? If not, then no. 
- Is the header 700px high or under?

## JMS Tom Questions

## Ask Eli, can HLF Media be pushed to production?
- Yes

## VNR MelFry Design check-in
- still quite nervous about the animations
- decided not to show client video
- getting form from RESCO tomorrow
- going to whiteboard this with M this week

## PGPCA Tag removal
- Helped H track down non-compliant tag
- She committed to master, but can't deploy yet.

## HLF Content updates
- Got PDFs
  - no B&I, C-Store, Healthcare?