# October 30, 2019

## TAP OG Image
- finished, had to get the hostname to reference the default image, like so: 

```js
  data () {
    return {
      hostname: ''
    }
  },
```

```
  mounted () {
    this.hostname = window.location.origin
  }
```

## SBX Winter Kick-off
- need to audit assets tomorrow
- pre-launch and launch have to happen at the same time pretty much

## VNT Wufoo Form
- labels need to be outside
- minimum form font size should be 16px
- columns don't collapse on mobile
- errors make the form huge

## HLF Peer Review
- Alaska Wild Wings
  - Issue with some items on tablet. 
    - The intro actually has a lot of margin, forcing the heading to two lines. Could be tricky to fix and would affect multiple pages. But, even when removing this, there is still more total margin than you have in your design files. 
    - It's actually the opposite for the two up band. It is wider than it is in your design. Could be adjusted more easily than the intro. 
    - Ultimately up to you regarding how important these fixes are. 
  - For mobile, I had trouble with claims two-up on really small mobile. You'll see them 1-up until 440px. If this is an issue, I believe I'll just need to reduce the font-size to 15px. 
  - Could the mobile banner text be moved to the right or shrank _a little_ more? It's really close to the edge at 320 wide.
  - TM issue on mobile. 
    - TM keeps breaking on the sub-heading. If possible, wrap your last word and the TM in `<span class="nobr">`. I've added a .nobr utility class 
    - Check your CSS code coverage, it looks like there is more CSS here than is needed. I don't want to include anything not absolutely needed nested under a page class. It'll just lead to issues later on and CSS bloat.
    - HS, I'm wondering if this table should be abstracted to a module, not nested content yet, just given it's own class and moved into the modules folder. If you have time, could you look at this?
- Uppercrust Landing Page
  - Add `<sup>` around TM in intro.
  - I removed custom claim code, I want to keep them consistent between pages and I think I fixed the bug that made you add it in the first place. 
  - Same tablet issues as Alaska. 
    - HS, please peak at these so you know the questions I have out to N. 
    - I can only fit 3 claims on tablet, again, it's the font-size and some of the long words like 'Polyunsaturates' that's messing this up. 

## Looking into MSN WCAG presentation
- ?@#$#$^#$^%
- Looked through M's tool, dynomapper.com, and created a doc pointing out the first steps.

