# November 1, 2019

## VNT Sauce landing page meeting
- form changes, it'll probably be wufoo too

## JMS Video Equipment, finally
- UI Kit changes done

## SBX Asset Audit
- Dashboards are fine
- Promo bands are fine
- Promo pages
  - Brewed
    - Navigation color is not correct
      - They don't get to set this. There are only 2 colors for the nav, and I think we may need to go for the dark version with these light backgrounds.
      - Example: https://rc.sbx.marln.com/programs/teavana
    - I don't understand the white at the bottom of the header. Is this for the navigation they wanted. They've built in the white to the background image. I guess it's ok if it's on purpose, I just want some clarity.
    - Perhaps they might want to take one more stab at exporting background image correctly, using "Export As..." or "Save for Web Legacy" to fix these file sizes. If not, @H should please note these should be re-saved before final compression. 
    - Now that I actually have the files, I can confirm these buttons are not standard colors. Do-able, but we'll want to add an hour of dev. (They're using the standard on the promo bands, but not the promo pages).
    - Tablet
      - Warning on the "Meet Demand for Non-Dairy". Type is really tight with not a lot of space around it. I cannot guarantee we don't overlap some text on the background objects.
    - Mobile
      - Same warning on "Meet Demand..."
  - Espr/Frapp
    - Nav menu note: they do not stack like that, but wrap to multiple rows instead. 
    - Same warnings on the "Meet Diary..." band.
    - Same navigation color issue.
    - So we don't care about the 700px guideline?
  
## Adding brick and making page for JMS Equipment Video
- ready to stage as soon as environment is up.

## PLV submission data pull

## Copying MCN Sales Portal Production GTM Container to Staging
- some changes were made in production, so making sure staging matches

## HLF Content updates

## Writing ideas for us to get better at accessibility