# January 31, 2020

## Accessibility task force check-in

## Lupe check-in and discussions

## TAP Peer review of M's work

## MS MS Accessibility Insights Report
- Do research on links that scroll, should they be hidden from accessibility things, or should they change focus.
  - actually, it looks like native HTML handles this well
- Took a long time though. 

> It was our first time, and there was some figuring things out, but it took almost 2 hours.

> So, I don't think this is either reserved for big reports like this, or we only use parts of the test. Some parts were irrelevant, and some I just passed because it asked you to do manual work that Axe will do for you.

> Honestly, the keyboard section may be the only part that offers something other tools don't, namely, the walkthrough of how to determine if keyboard usage meets the success criterion.

## PGP Flexbox product description issues
- turned out it was just B, who made everything inside a particular div with the class "container" be a flex parent. Container is used everywhere though, so just using a child selector instead fixed the problem. 

## "View All Products on Channel Pages Taking Too Long"
> When you arrive at this URL and it's loading slow, it's just a page with a featured items brick. 

> It does seem to me that the majority of the waiting is on the Server side, so I wonder if in certain environments Pimcore is not caching this list?

> So there are few options.
> 1. Have less featured items
> 2. Build a "load more" for this brick
> 3. Use the filter app instead that already has load more, but then E will need to build an API endpoint for things like this.

> But I would want E to weight in before picking an approach. Maybe it's fixable some other way. 

> I'm fairly sure the issue isn't an image issue, it seems to load well after the server finally comes back with a page.