# December 2, 2019

## Trying to make sure my Docker JMS stuff is still running. 
- yeah, it's fine
- 
## Creating test pardot form handler to test in Nuxt base
- have to send to the backend api, but having lots of issues. 
- seems like when I generate like this, no client-side code runs at all. weird. 
- more trouble than it's worth. 

## instead, going to just put a gulp build in for campaign pages
- added a gulp dev task that puts the css file directly in the bundle. The gulp build task puts it in the local css folder then the assets copy will copy it over.

## H issues, got her spun up on proper order to do things when using the toolkit in JMS and pimcore

## M issues, need to look at images, added body lock to stop scrolling when modal launches.
- updated images that weren't perfectly lined up

## N issues, just some more classes and customization to add. 

## H issues are more to do with Pardot and handlers not having a native checkbox field type. 
Advised to just add each checkbox item as a different field.

## Starting 18 JMS Design
- fonts are maybe not licensed :(
- putting assets into pimcore is probably most straight-forward way to work right now. 

## Redoing MLV image line up again
- they had changes to the images, fixed up, if it works I need to send them back

## JMS 18 Design
- figured out a good snippet for an angled box

```scss
a.button {
  display: block;
  clip-path: polygon(0% 0%, 100% 0, 100% calc(100% - 15px), calc(100% - 15px) 100%, 0% 100%);
  border: 1px solid white;
  padding: 1px;
  background-color: white;
  color: white;
  span {
    display: block;
    padding: 0.5em;
    background-color: $primary;
    clip-path: polygon(0% 0%, 100% 0, 100% calc(100% - 14.5px), calc(100% - 14.5px) 100%, 0% 100%);
  }
}
```

## TAP remove careers page items, add a note when they're gone