# February 18, 2020

## Checking on deployment of a task for SBXCA

## Checking FTP creds on MRZ, nope

## MSN Feature branch doc in J@MN

## Trying to work with Pimcore staging on JMS Servers to help deployment
- I think the way I built it, you have to click the readmore button, because that fade screen exists in the admin UI as well.

## MSN, document icons

## MSN, start finding colors, document type styles

## JMS, inputting some copy on JMS staging

## Case Study Format Meeting

## Featherstone accessible animation webinar

## MSN, color consolidation

## MSN Fixing missing cookie consent code
- G wrote styles in the main.css file, which is compiled.
- found in sourcetree and was able to open an old copy and move it into a module

## MN Case Study Updates
Another meeting. A plan sorta..

## SMC FLGs landing page estimate meeting

## BSH Platforms Design Review
- A bit worried about the Submit button getting lost. 
- Just checking, was the video going to be a popup.
- Another thought, were we going to force the square areas to stay squares, or let them expand on larger screens?
- Slider is a bit in the air, since we don't have one built in yet. We can try to match this design, but I can't promise it will be exact.
- Could we see some mobile stuff, even if it's just a wireframe? Not clear how some of this still will work on mobile. FYI, we're at a little over 25% mobile on this site. 
- Scroll in animations will take a little more work. I'll need to find a compatible library with good performance. 
  - Otherwise, little animations on the numbers are no big deal. 
- Still fits in the 36 max hours. In fact, if both pages are going to track together really similarly, there could be a lot of efficiencies there. 