# February 27, 2020

## PGP Video issues

### Jira
- SL can you let me know if you keep hovering over the slide area, if it doesn't auto-advance. I think this is a feature, not a bug. I can still look into it, but I want to make sure I understand what's going on.
- I also think we have a worse problem, with the video above that not playing at all for me.
- Ah, its because we previously wrote code that kills the video when the slide advances. It's affecting all videos. looking into that...
- Was able to do a few things to fix

```js
// changing this to 
 $('.yt_video iframe').remove();

// this
 $('.slick-slide .yt_video iframe').remove();
```
... inside the iframe removal functions, so that only videos that are actually in sliders get killed during a slide.

```js
// adding this in the video interaction
$(this).closest('.pg_slider').slick('slickSetOption','autoplay', false, false);
```

... turning off autoplay once a video has been interacted with.

## MSN Accessibility, back to headings
- finished, more Umbraco stuff than I would like. Seems like there is a difficulty in in properly ordering headings when you have pages built with components that aren't aware of each other. New sections for each thing might make more sense. 

## BSH Global
- Installing webfont. Didn't want it to be global, so I made an HTML component with a style tag. Should look at other webfonts.
- Removed a webfont called Europa, it's only used for the Sales portal link, real odd, cherry-picked to master, need to deploy tomorrow.
- Looking into forms for G, but I'm not sure what she's asking. 